1 and 2 for distance 1 and 2

line2 raycasting bad ortho camera

restrict to plane rotation is annoying

make trim viewport selector more permissive

in moi if you run the same command twice it doesn't cancel the current one
currently FINISH is always available, even at step 1 of 3 points box.
  - this disables subsequent cancel for example
  - registry.add(command:finish) should maybe not happen in command executor but in await this.finished
  - if so, each command needs to be slightly rewritten

stress test undo & redo

add dialogs for everything

some bugs with move screenspace sometimes, it flickers?
- try switching commands while doing 3 point box
should project onto construction plane in ortho view
min and max in number srubber should be respected

performance audit hit testing and snaps
refactor factory to take editorlike?
  -         factory.curves = this.editor.curves; // FIXME need to DI this in constructor of all factories

change selection mode 123 keys
fix box select

drag drop points?

memoize mesh generation of faces in mesh creator (for the duration of a command).
memoize and discretize calculations like fillet

toggle kinds of snaps with keybindings?

need to convert offset curve to curve on surface

in moi, once you create a cylinder, you can shift once you lock onto Z axis; however, you can't then snap to match height. what do we want to do?
  - shift should turn current axis snap into constraint?

drag and drop points    

fillet face
extrude face
right click repeat

# c++ changes:
rename Id() .id

audit array conversion is reserving and freeing elements:
    ::AddRefItems( curveArray );
    ::ReleaseItems( curveArray );
    and especially check if instantiated RPArray/etc. is freed altogether
    - convert MbCartPoint3D and Vector to isPOD
Get planar curve and placement if the space curve is planar (after the using call *******DeleteItem for two-dimensional curves).

- 3d Joints

BUGS for c3d
- figure 8 intersection hangs

--

Viewport week:
- keybindings to create/remove viewports
